# Second Meeting
- talked about the progress that is being made
- Jessica and Emmanuel had some questions about how we want the app to look. We will be working on this over the weekend
- Sean set up Docker on the server 
- Overall we just talked about what we were doing and what we need help on.
# Items coming up
- come up with an official idea of how we want the layout to look
- get going on building the API
